The smell is disappointing and not very good.
Tastes watered down.
It's watered down horse pee.
Not only does it have almost no color, it has no smell either, except for feint hints of sweet cereal grains.
this beer is strictly for college kids with no money or taste in beer.....dogpiss in a can.
Don't even bother to buy one of these.
Light, watery, skunky, cheap.
This is the type of beer that is embarrassing to admit that I have tried before and is even more embarrassing to admit that I drank a lot of this beer in the past.
Smell-Smells like a beer that you shouldn't drink.
This a very watery beer - it has very little if any flavor.
This is the most disgusting liquid on the planet.
Smells terrible, taste worse, was at a family graduation party and it's all they had.
Waaayyyyy too carbonated and what taste is there is awful.
No flavor, no body, no aroma, just a drink for the sake of drinking kind of beer.
What a piece of shitty beer this is and I hate AB for advertising it so fucking much.
Out of all the big macro beers, this is easily my least favorite.
I don't recommend this unless you're looking to reminisce from your college days.
I honestly felt like I wanted to puke after finishing my 16 Oz blue aluminum bottle.
It looks like beer, but it tastes like liquid cardboard.
I have no idea why so many people choose this over the many better (and cheaper) alternatives.
You know this is awful.
Worst beer i can think of with the exception of warm Honduran beers in clear glass bottles.
Obviously not the brew of choice for beer snobs.
This is what cat piss tastes like when fermented.
This is my least favorite beer in the world.
The appearance looks like urine.
It also smells like urine.
Looks like urine, including the bubbles
One of the worst beers I've ever had.
Excessively bubbly, devoid of taste, and a lingering chemical feeling in one's mouth just doesn't do it for me.
Watery body with medium carbonation.
I suggest you don't purchase it.
Every bottle leaves you feeling sick and unsatisfied.
This beer is basically piss.
Streaks of soapy lacing left behind.
It is weak and smells bad.
Bad bad beer.
Avoid at all costs, please.
One of the worst light lagers I've ever had.
There's really no flavor to speak of here.
This one is definitely at the bottom for me.
There's something particular about the finish that tastes sour and unappealing.
I dont know if its the hops, too much salt, or just bitter, but this beer just does not taste good.
Terrible beer.
Very light pilsner malt aroma. Kind of sour (in a not so good way.)
Boring as beer gets.
Smells like metal shavings and a bit of hay.
Taste is missing in action, watery, bland.
I certainly will not buy this ever again.
Sudsy piss yellow
I don't know what I expected but what I got was a flashy can and a bad taste in my mouth.
This beer tastes abominable.
This beer tastes awful.
This beer tastes distasteful.
This beer tastes gruesome.
This beer tastes hateful.
This beer tastes horrific.
This beer tastes loathsome.
This beer tastes nasty.
This beer tastes objectionable.
This beer tastes obnoxious.
This beer tastes odious.
This beer tastes outrageous.
This beer tastes repugnant.
This beer tastes scandalous.
This beer tastes shameless.
This beer tastes shocking.
This beer tastes vile.
This beer tastes vulgar.
This beer tastes cloying.
This beer tastes foul.
This beer tastes gross.
This beer tastes nauseating.
This beer tastes revolting.
