Beautiful black beer, tan head with good retention.
this one is top of the line.
it is delightful and I will drink this in the future....full props on this one!
Truly the best wide release from Bells.
A great mix of chocolate and bourbon.
Incredible beer.
amazing, nothing more to say
One word could describe this beer; AMAZING!
Really well done beer.
Smells wonderful, mostly of coffee and chocolate with some faint maple.
Best stout I've ever had!
Overall this was dang good.
Without a doubt one of best 3 beers I've had the pleasure of trying.
Simply amazing.
Just an awesome beer, so rich.
The mouthfeel was excellent too.
The smell alone had me sold - straight coffee, chocolate, hints of sweet syrup and roasting.
This is a great holiday beer and relaxing in the winter .
An absolutely amazing beer of beers.
The best stout by far that I have ever had and possibly one of the best tasting beers I have ever had!
Wonderful maple candy, maple syrup, chocolate flavor. 
Very nice overall!
You really can't make a non BA coffee stout any better than this. 
Overall, it's a top notch coffee maple stout.
The taste is everything you smell in this beer coming together in a perfect blend and the beer is very soft and bubbly leaving you wanting more.
It really is the best coffee, maple stout I've had.
Hands down, the best beer I've tasted to date.
This beer is phenomenal.
This beer is rich, creamy and decadent.
Absolutely delicious.
Simply the beast offering in the category, ever.
But, jeez, this was one phenomenal beer.
Mind blowing experience.
Amazingly well balanced
it doesn't get any better than this.
I didn't think I'd ever give a perfect score, but Jesus H. Christ this beer is perfect. 
Overall, the best beer I've ever had.
A MUST HAVE FOR ANY STOUT DRINKER!
A truly excellent IPA with amazing hop flavors that dance on the tongue.
There's absolutely nothing bad to be said about this beer
So delishous.
The balance, smell, taste.....it's all incredible.
the easy drinkability of this beer is insane it's so well balanced with almost no bitterness it is easy to see why this is the bench mark for Double IPAs
Lives up to the hype.
Great out of the bottle.
Definitely deserves the cult-like following it gets.
This is the best Belgian dubbel on the market hands down.
it was a pleasure to drink with a nice alcohol kick giving the beer a warming feel towards the end; excellent stuff.
I really, really enjoyed this.
I could drink this on any occation due to the fresh hop pressence and excellent flavor of malts it pack.
This beer is good.
This beer is great.
This beer is awesome.
